Pipeline: Streamlining & improvements (#768)
Azure/ResourceModules: docs/wiki/PipelinesDesign.md

We use several composite actions to perform various tasks shared by our module workflows:

- **validateModulePester** <p>

>   This action perform all [static tests](#static-module-validation) for a module using Pester. It also performs further [static tests](#static-module-validation), focused on API version tests for a module to ensure we notice if a version becomes stale. Each resource's API version is compared with those currently available on Azure. Accepted are both the latest 5 versions (including preview versions) as well as the latest 5 non-preview versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This action performs [static tests](#static-module-validation) for a module using Pester, including API versions focused tests to avoid those become stale overtime.
```

Reviewer: I'd keep this short as we're already linking to the dedicated section

- **validateModuleDeployment:** <p>

>   This action performs several tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This action performs the following tasks:
```
